
About Us

Your Dinner Deals has been created by two young web entrepreneurs. They are always talking passionately about new products to be more efficient and love sharing great dinners together. Idea of Your Dinner Deals came naturaly realizing they were spending way too much time looking for nice new places on all the different services available and possibly also take advantage of discounts to get an upgrade.

YDD is designed to save you a lot of time and send you directly the best deals that fits your tastes.

From the restaurants that have the best ratings in the different services available : Yelp, Foursquare, TripAdvisor... we handpick the ones that currently have a good discount you can enjoy.



looking for way to build efficient products, save some time of users and organize better all the online information. Of course over a nice dinner!:)

Love sharing nice dinner with passionate talks about how to make the web more easy to use and always more efficient products. 

Your Dinner Deals is currently expanding in other cities after having launched in NYC to offer the service globally.



Your Dinner Deals 

Your best dinner at a discount :)

When you are tired wasting your time looking for the best restaurant on different services for your dinner this weekend, just trust Your Dinner Deals to deliver it to you without any effort. 


1. Just tell us a bit about yourself. We only ask for your favorite areas and your food tastes so that we make sure our suggestions are made for you and avoid you the usual long list. Only what's necessary!

2. Based on your profile, we'll send you every week the best deal so that you can enjoy a nice dinner. We check all different discount services to find the best offer for you and we make sure the restaurant has also the best ratings so that we make sure you are gonna enjoy a nice moment. 


YDD is designed to save you a lot of time and send you directly the best deals that fits your tastes.


From the restaurant that have the best ratings in the different services available : Yelp, Foursquare, TripAdvisor... we handpick the ones that currently have a good discount we can profit from.

Every week, get directly in your inbox the best deal.

Already felt like you wasted too much time looking for the perfect venue for dinner? Or missed a good discount in a place you like?

There are way too many different services on the market and you just don't have time to follow every one of them. Your Dinner Deals listen to you and according to your taste just handpick the right one you can go this week. 

Just tell us what your favorite areas are and what kind of food you enjoy, and Your Dinner Deals just send you what's relevant for you.

So many deals are often on restaurants that you anyway wouldn't go.

Testimonials

1. "Your Dinner Deals just saves me so much time, not having to check all different of services and saves me also money, thank you!"

2. "I discovered new places that are always great, always at a discount"

3. "Going out for dinner much often thanks to great recommendations, never disapointed by the venues“

4. "I'm using the service every week to get a good restaurant I can afford. Always nice to discover new good places and having some money left!"

